git - is a version control software which maintains change history.


github - Is a website which allows us to store repositories where we can store our project files.

To push the code -
git init
git remote add origin -----Remote Repo Path---------
git add .
git commit -m "Message"
git push origin master(branch)

To take latest code -
git pull origin master

new branch - 
git breach name

switch to branch -
git checkout name

how to view changed files -
git status


as qa we push code at the end of the day on qa branch
our leads review the code of qa branch what ever we pushed and merge in the master branch.
and next day we pull the code from master branch

difference b/w git ad github

two ways
we the help of eclipse egit plugin.
by using command line.

how to start jenking
java -jar jenkins.war

default port
:8080
ip
127.0.0.1

execute windows batch command  - to run

to schedule
build periodic 
sechudeler
min hour (day of month)DOM  month  (day of weaK)DOW


HOW TO CREATE JOB
1. Click on New Item
2. Enter name of the job then select free style project
3. select execute windows batch command under build section 
4. Click on apply and save.
 
fiori is web based supplier chain  managememt portal

in this we have different modules like
create new supplier
update supplier
delete supplier
search suplier

once suplier is set up than we have module to upload invoices which we sent to different teams

after that user can login as admin and can recieve and rejects invoice and also can raise concern.

we have automated all modules using selenium with java

and for this we follow selenium frame structure
we use data driven frame structure so we use pom than testng than maven for dependency management
than github for code collebration than jenking to run nite batch.
and we also use db utility to preform database operations and excel utility to perform excel operations and so on.

jenkins
used to create new job
used to schdule test
used to run test manually 3 days before release

once card comes in ready for test
than i take handoff from ba and dev
than i change its status to in test

we also do regressiong testing

as i am working in bharti airtel for past 4.5 years
so now i want to learn some new tools and technologies
so that i can grow my self in automation field

we follows agile methadology
agile methadology is a practise that promotes continous itration of development and testing throught out the software development.
in our organisation we use scrum frame work.
 

click on new item
select executes windows batch command as build setup.
java -cp/bin/lib/path of testng.xml file.
than click on save.

clean to clean the resources
default is use for execution,deployment,reporting
site it is for documentation

MAVEN 
project management
src folder
it contains
main folder
test folder

java folder - used to keep our all test srcipt
resorce folder  -we used to keep our lib files.

i get requirement in the form of stories from ba
then i go throught the web application manually and look out for the caese need to automate
than develop test case
than excetues those test cases
than annalys reports
lock the defect and trace  the defect
then retest the fixed defect
for all these purpose i have use some tools like
testng which is a automtated testing framework
maven which is used for dependency management
jenking used to schdule test cases

than i have some meetings like
sprint planning metting daily standups sprint reviews




